[SCHEMA] Consolidate schema files by term type (#883)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/schema/README.md

## The format of the schema

> The schema is divided into two parts: the object definitions and the rules.

Author: Is this documentation clear enough?

Reviewer: I think so. Definitely helped me at least.

Keys are long-form versions of the entities, which are distinct from both the entities as
they appear in filenames _and_ their full names.
For example, the key for the "Contrast Enhancing Agent" entity, which appears in filenames as `ce-<label>`,
is `ceagent`.
These keys are also the recommended variable names for their associated entities in BIDS-compliant code,
since many entities (such as `ce`) have very short filename elements.
Each key's associated value is a dictionary with five keys:
`name`, `entity`, `description`, `type`, and either `format` or `enum`.

The `name` field is the full name of the entity. For example, the `name` for `ceagent` is "Contrast Enhancing Agent".

The `entity` field is the entity as it appears in filenames. For example, the `entity` for `ceagent` is `ce`.

The `description` field is a freeform description of the entity.
The description should apply to _all_ uses of the entity,
so if there is some additional information about the entity that applies specifically to a subset of suffixes or datatypes,
then that information should be provided in the specification, rather than the schema.

> The `type` field defines the representation type for the value associated with the entity.
> All entities are represented in filenames as key-value pairs, and in all cases the value should be a string,
> so the `type` field should always be `string`.

Author: ```suggestion
The `type` field defines the representation type for the value associated with the entity.
Given that all entities appear in filenames, they should all be strings and the `type` field should always be `string`.
This is true of both alphanumeric entities (such as `acq-desc`) and numeric ones (such as `run-1`).
```

> so the `type` field should always be `string`.

Author: I rewrote this portion in 70e2c4e. I hope it's clearer now.
